Config-Simple-Extended

This provides two and one day at least three additional public
methods to Sherzod B. Ruzmetov's Config::Simple.  This module
started life as Config::Simple::Inherit, but after version 0.04
that name was abandoned and the work put into the module was
recreated as this module to permit additional missing features
to be added to Config::Simple.

The first method implemented permits a configuration object to
inherit from a parent configuration object, overwriting existing
parameters with new values and returns a Config::Simple object.
The second parses a url and returns a configuration file path
based on that url, permitting a single code installation to
host multiple instances of an application based on aliased
domains and subdirectories of domains.  The third, planned
though still not coded public method will permit the parsing of
heredoc data into a configuration hash; though as it turns out, 
I seem to use Template for that purpose instead and that third 
method may never materialize.  

But this evening I found a need to expose a function I wrote 
years ago to support the ->inherit method, for other uses.  So 
v0.16 will now include a new ->get_stanzas() method, to return 
an arrayref of stanza names from the config file.  Hope others 
might find it handy as well.  

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test
    make install


SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation including examples
for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Config::Simple::Extended

You can also look for information at:

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Config-Simple-Extended

    CPAN Request Tracker:
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Config-Simple-Extended

    AnnoCPAN, annotated CPAN documentation:
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Config-Simple-Extended

    CPAN Ratings:
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Config-Simple-Extended

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2008-2016 Hugh Esco
dba/ http://CampaignFoundations.com/

This program is released under the following license: gpl
